These 7-second AI videos make $3,000
every single day, and the crazy thing is
nobody even knows that they're not real.
And in this video, I'm going to show you
my entire process and how easy it is to
create these AI videos, and I promise
you that this video alone, this free
video on YouTube, is going to be way
more valuable than any [__] $3,000
course that these gurus are trying to
shove down your throat. Literally,
nobody's even talking about this
business model because the only people
who have figured this out are
gatekeeping the living [__] out of it
because they're making so much money
with it. If you've watched any of my
videos, you know me. I don't gatekeep
[__] I literally don't give a [__]
because I know that 99% of people
watching this won't take action anyways.
So, hopefully, you're part of that 1%
because by the end of this video, you
will literally have the entire
step-by-step process broken down right
in front of you so you can start making
money the next hour, not tomorrow, not
in a week, not next [__] month,
literally right now. And for those of
you that don't know me, have never seen
my videos, hi, I'm David, I'm 21 years
old. I've done over $3 million in sales
on TikTok Shop in the last 2 years, and
90% of those sales came from videos
where I didn't even have to show my
face. I actually didn't even have to
film anything because the videos are
[__] AI. And right now, I'm going to
show you examples of people who are
already doing this and making a [__] ton
of money so you can see what their
accounts look like, why the system even
works. I'm going to show you how to find
winning products that are actually going
to convert, how to turn that product
into an AI video, and how to turn that
AI video into actual money in your bank
account. And by the way, now that you've
actually clicked on this video with all
the information you have in front of
you, you genuinely don't have an excuse
to not make at least $10,000 in profit
in the next 30 days. That's literally
what my client John did. In his first 30
days, he actually made $14,000. And this
right here is John's account. This is
the account that has made over $25,000
in the last 45 days, which is [__]
nuts because John literally started
posting his first ever AI videos 45 days
ago. So, seeing results like that in the
first 45 days is just [__] nuts, but
this is literally all he does. He just
makes videos like this. Like he found
these headphones, he made a little video
panoramic zooming on it, threw some
[__] text, 45% off, and soon, that's
it. Like always, videos look the [__]
same, and they look so realistic. Like
this [__] genuinely looks real. So,
if the person that's looking at this
video already knows what this product
is, they're going to [__] buy it. And
as you can see, a lot of the videos
don't have views because we are not
going for views, we are going for
conversions. Because when a video
actually gets a conversion, what's going
to happen is the brand of that product
is going to run ads with their money on
your video. Right here, you see this
video? Got 1,400 views. A video like
this is not supposed to get 1,400 views.
Like realistically, if you really think
about about it, to the algorithm, this
is a [__] video, right? No one's going
to watch it. But the reason it has 1,400
views is because the brand is running
ads on this video, and it's probably
getting a sale probably 200 views. Like
this video probably got seven sales,
etc. Obviously, this is a ballpark, got
to look at the actual numbers, but when
you post 15 to 20 of these videos every
single day, and let's say half of them
get a sale, and then half of them get
ads ran on them, these videos are going
to [__] make you sales every single
day. And some of these products, for
example, are more expensive. This is a
$2,000 product right here, and John got
a sale on it, which means he got a $200
commission on this product alone. So,
every single day when he's sleeping,
this product is going to be making a
sale, and he's going to be making that
$200. Now, imagine what happens when you
do this across multiple products. It it
literally becomes pretty much passive
income. And then what you do is you get
another account, and then you get a
third account, and then you get a fourth
account. And when you run out of time to
run those accounts, you get a virtual
assistant, and your virtual assistant
runs the whole thing for you. I
personally have eight accounts
completely outsourced to my virtual
assistant, and she posts 15 to 20 times
on every single one of those every
single day. Literally, all I do is just
product research. It's literally [__]
it. And now that you've seen John's
account, let me go through the steps
that we're about to cover in order so
you know what the [__] we're about to
do. So, take out a pen and paper and
follow along these steps. The first one
is not even a step, it's just
understanding what GNV max is, and it's
literally the fact that the brand will
run ads on your videos if they actually
convert because TikTok literally
automatically has an algorithm that
detects which videos are converting
well, and if it's converting, it will
take the brand's money that brand the
brand gave to TikTok and put that money
behind your video. So, all you have to
do is just position your video in front
of that ad spend. And right here, as you
can see, there's top, middle, and bottom
of funnel. We are doing the bottom of
the [__] funnel. Our videos are going
to be right here where the person is
already considering buying it. Other
people who are dancing in front of the
[__] camera like a monkey, showing
their face, trying to go viral are doing
the work for us. They are
like making everybody aware of what
these products are. They're educating
everybody. There's people that are doing
middle of funnel videos, showing their
face again, educating everybody on what
these products are. So, all you have to
do is just convert the buyers from those
videos that didn't buy from them. That
is exactly what we do. We make short
videos that look like this. It's a
[__] vacuum, looks extremely
realistic, and then these are the
numbers that we end up getting. Now,
step two is going to be finding products
that convert because if you still can't
tell, the whole goal is to find products
that will convert because once it
converts, you get the ad spend, and it's
going to keep [__] converting because
the brand is throwing their money into
your video. So, right now, we're going
to go and find these products. Then
we're going to take that product
picture, and we're going to turn it into
a video, and then we're going to add the
sound and the text to the video so it's
ready to be posted, and it's ready to
make you money. And [__] I
told you, I'm not going to gatekeep
anything. I'm literally going to show
you how to find these products right
now. This is the exact strategy that I
use. This is the strategy my clients
use. This is literally what John used to
make $14,000 in his first 30 days of
even [__] doing this. So, you're
going to go to Kalodata.com. It's a
product research tool. You've probably
heard of it if you've been in the TikTok
Shop space. If not, then just go to this
[__] website, Kalodata.com.
It is paid, but you can get a free
trial. It's completely free, so you you
can just keep cycling through free
trials if you're a [__] Jew and you
don't want to pay for it, but you're
going to go to the product tab right
here. You're going to filter by
yesterday. Make sure it's the most
recent. You're going to go to the
revenue growth rate. You're going to put
it to minimum 200 or 100, doesn't really
matter. And then you're going to go to
creator number, and you're going to put
it to maximum 200.
What this is is what I call I call this
the product sniping strategy. Maybe
somebody else was doing this, I have no
[__] clue. I came up with the
strategy myself. I didn't find it
anywhere, and this is the strategy that
made me a [__] load of money, and I'm
going to show you guys how it works
right now because all the products that
just came up are products that in the
last 24 hours, they have more than
doubled in sales, which means there's a
lot of traction behind them. But there
is less than 200 people on these
products, which means not everybody and
their mom is on them. They're
unsaturated. These products are not
saturated whatsoever, so you can hop in
and not compete with anybody for the
[__] ad spend. You can literally take
all the money from the brand that
they're willing to spend on ads. So,
let's click on a random product, AI
translator. Let's [__] see.
They did $170,000 in revenue in a single
day, which is [__] insane. 10%
commission rate, so you just what's 10%
of this? 17,000? Just yesterday,
creators made $17,000 on this [__]
product. There's only one person even
doing this, live streams. Okay, this is
going to be a bad product. We're not
even going to go with it. And I'm not
just going to skip to a good product.
I'm literally going to go through these
products until we find a good one so you
know what the product research process
looks like. The reason I said no for
this product is cuz there's literally no
videos for it. It was only lives. So,
we're just going to keep going. Let's
see, Shark Steam Force.
What is this? A [__] handheld vacuum?
Okay, $158,000
in revenue, 5% commission rate, $200
price. That's really good. 174, so it's
just under 200. And also, once you're
doing this for long enough, you're going
to know who the some of the top
affiliates are. So, if you see them on
these products early, for example, like
Deals with Ty, he's the [__] goat.
This guy is really good as well. This
guy is pretty good. Like if you see
these people on these products really
early on, you know they're using the
same strategy to find these products, so
you know it's probably a good [__]
product cuz they're sniping it, right?
So, you're going to look at the videos,
and what you want to be looking for is
the little ad icon in the bottom left or
sorry, in the top left. That is the most
important thing because that means the
brand is actually running ads on that
product because
like it's cool, you know, if the product
matches all your criteria,
like 200 it it's revenue rate exploded
in the last 24 hours, it has less than
200 creators, but there if there's no
ads on it, right?
You can make a couple sales, but your
video is not going to go viral, it's not
going to get views, so you're only going
to be stuck at a couple sales. If you
get ads, your video is going to make
those couple sales, but then it's going
to catch ad spend, and it's going to
keep making those sales over and over
and over and over and over again. That's
how your video can get, like let's say
500,000 views without it being
viral-worthy because it's being ran by
ads, right? So, you want to make sure
that there's that ad spend so you know
that the brand is actually spending
money on these videos. So, this one,
two,
three, four, five, six. So, majority of
the videos in the top 10 have ad spend
on them. So, this is a good product to
promote. I'm literally going to keep one
of the tabs open right here. Let's keep
looking. Let's find another one.
This is some Mother's Day set. Mother's
Day is coming up, so let's see, this
might be a good product. Commission
rate, okay, could be a little higher,
but it's okay. Let's look at it. 68.
Again, same [__] people that we're
seeing on here, right? So, they're
sniping these products. You can tell
they're using the strategy. Every single
video out of the top 10 has ads on it.
This right here is a [__] amazing
product. It will absolutely print. So,
I'm going to keep this safe as well.
Here, I'll find one more just for the
[__] of it.
Let's see.
Let's click on this one.
There you go. This video product is
amazing as well. So, good commission
rate, 20% even though it's only 15
bucks, so it is cheap. So, you're not
going to make that much money on it. I
recommend you going for products that
have a bit of of a higher commission
rate, but there is 198 people on this.
It's about to not be within our range,
which is fine, but
as you can see, all these videos are
like videos where they're trying to go
viral. There's only like one that says
it's a discount. So, there's a lot of
room to still come in and make a bottom
of funnel video that will convert,
right? And by the way, not only is this
method nice because it's AI videos and
you don't have to show your face, you
don't have to speak, you don't have to
film anything, but let's say these
products right now, like we're finding
them, let's say there's 198 people on
this product, right? 174 people, etc.
It's about to cross over the 200 range
and it's about to become a more
saturated product. Now, let's say
there's a crazy sale going on right now,
so you know your product will convert
better if you post videos on it right
now. If you had to order the product,
let's say you didn't mind making videos,
right? Let's say you were making videos
on your government, I was just recording
you on my phone, right? It's still
faceless, but I have to wait for the
product to come over to my house. By the
time it gets here, it becomes saturated,
the sale ends, and it's now a useless
[__] product. So, I just spent money
on a product I don't even need anymore
because I can't make money on it. With
AI, you can have a video out in the next
five [__] minutes. I just want you I
want y'all to see how [__] OP this
[__] is. And speaking of AI videos, it's
time to actually [__] make them. So,
all we're going to do is just Let's say
this is the product that we found. We
need to save this picture to our
computer or wherever you make these
videos. You can even do this on your
phone, but I'm on a Mac, I'm just going
to right click it, save as, save, and
just going to go right here. Calldata,
boom. Like it's about to save. I don't
know why my Wi-Fi is so slow, but that's
the picture right there. Now, what
you're going to do is you're going to go
to Kling AI dot or kling.ai/app,
whatever. Just go to Kling, right?
You're going to go to the Omni section.
You're going to go to video generation
section. At the bottom right here,
you're going to make sure you're
selected on video 01, this one right
here. You can put it to 720p. It's going
to save you credits and TikTok doesn't
give a [__] if it's 720p and people
still buy cuz still looks realistic.
Like it doesn't [__] matter if it's
1080p or 720p. You can put the duration
to 5 seconds. This is a little cheat
code. I'm literally going to save you
guys so much money. This is what people
put in [__] paid communities and [__]
and in paid courses. I'm giving
everything away for free. You can put it
to 5 seconds instead of 10 or instead of
seven, whatever it is, right? And once
you generate your the clip, let's say
right here, right? Let's This is These
are shoes. See how it's zooming in? Now,
you can just use CapCut or anything else
to just reverse the clip. So, it's
zooming in and then zooming out. And
that turns into completely different
clip and now you have a 10-second clip
of movements to the right and to the
left, in and out, etc. You get the
point. So, you can only make it 5
seconds to save credits. Make sure it's
9 by 16, one output, and that is
literally it. You're going to take the
picture here. I already put it in here.
Let me do it again. Just going to take
the [__] picture, you're going to
drag it in here. It's going to load.
Give it a second. Boom, it loaded. And
you're going to give it the simplest
prompt in the [__] world. I
personally like putting all my products
on like a kitchen island. So, you're
literally just going to say put product
on a nice kitchen island and pano zoom
on it. And just make sure it says add
image. Add image just references the
image that you uploaded. So, if it's not
there, you're literally going to put at
and then you're going to swipe the
image, boom. And press generate. 30
credits. We're going to give it 2
minutes. It takes about 2 minutes to
generate. And by the way, if you're
thinking, "Oh, [__] it takes so long to
generate." You can literally literally
do unlimited videos. You can just delete
all of this
and upload a new picture and keep going,
going, going, going until you have 15 to
20. This whole process should take you
like 10 [__] minutes. It's like 10
minutes for product research and finding
these products and another 10 minutes
for generating them. As simple as that.
And once it generates, your video should
literally just look like this. It's
zooming in on the [__] product on a
kitchen island. It cool looks extremely
realistic. Just you want to make sure
that your videos are clear. Make sure
the text is clear. Make sure nothing
looks wrong. So, shark, all the words,
all the letters look good. This is a
great [__] video. So, now all I have
to do is just download this video to
wherever so you can literally click
download right here.
Or here, one second. Let me [__]
download without watermark. Download.
Boom. And now the video is right here.
I'm going to airdrop it to my [__]
phone and I'll show you what the final
result looks like. Once you put the text
on screen, you reverse the clip, and you
put everything together, this is what it
looks like. It literally took me 20
seconds to do right now. So, zooming in
and zooming right back out. You didn't
even realize that the clip completely
changed, right? Looks [__] great.
That is the entire video. And as for the
sound, you can put anything over it. If
you can you can just put it into TikTok
and it'll automatically generate you a
sound. Sometimes it's going to be like a
discount sound. Sometimes it's just
going to be a song that's playing in the
background. You can go to some of the
top creators and literally just take
their sounds. Let's say this product is
on a triple discount, whatever it is.
Literally just steal sounds on TikTok.
It really doesn't matter what you put
over it because the text on screen is
going to do the selling for you. And the
product that the people are seeing, they
have already seen this product. They
want this product. They have a reason to
actually go ahead and buy it. That is
literally it. This right here is your
entire [__] video. And now at this
point, you're going to make 10 to 15 of
these videos every single day with
different products. So, right here we
found three different products, correct?
I'm going to literally go and find like
10 to 15 other products and literally
just make videos on them. And you can
make the same product videos on every
single account. Obviously make a brand
new video, but you can do it on the same
products because if a product is working
on one account, why wouldn't it work on
another, right? And this is a
never-ending process because once you
run out of videos to make on a single
account, you go ahead and you grow or
you get a second account. Once you run
out of videos to make on a second
account and it's taking up too much of
your time, you go ahead and you get a
virtual assistant and you outsource all
the work to them. You can still do the
product research yourself if you want.
That is literally what I do. I do the
product research myself every single
day. I send the pictures of the products
to my virtual assistant and she just
makes the videos and she posts them on
my TikTok accounts. I don't even have
access to half of my accounts because
she runs everything for me. It's a
completely outsourced operation. This
whole process takes me an hour or two a
day. And we literally have dads in here
who have like they have literal kids,
they [__] work a full-time job, and
run a business, and they still have an
hour or two a day to put into this. And
once they don't, they outsource it to a
virtual assistant. And the virtual
assistants that we place into their
business, they already know how to find
these products, they already know how to
make these videos, how to make sure the
videos are good so they don't get
violations, and how to literally just
post all these videos across accounts.
So, the person pretty much has to do
absolutely [__] nothing other than
just manage them and pay the virtual
assistant. That is pretty much it. But
with that being said, you now have the
steps to literally go out there and
[__] execute and make money today.
Like there's genuinely zero reason that
after you click off this video, you
don't go to Calldata, you open a free
trial, you start looking for products,
you take pictures of those products, you
put them into Kling, you generate those
videos, and you post them on TikTok.
There's zero reason that you don't
[__] do that after watching this
video. And like I told you in the
beginning of the video, I am not going
to gatekeep absolutely [__] anything
and I did not. I showed you my entire
process on from literally finding the
product to making the video with the
product, putting the text on screen,
reversing the [__] clip, and actually
posting it on TikTok. This is the
process that I myself used to follow.
Now, this is the process my virtual
assistant follows. And this is the
exact process that every single one of
my students, including John who I showed
you in the beginning of the video,
follows to make the money that they're
making. And if you want to see some of
the testimonials on my YouTube, go watch
those. On my Instagram, I have I have
hundreds of wins. But the point being is
I held their [__] hand like a toddler
until they were making money. I told
them what products to use, I told them
what prompts to use, how to post a video
so they don't get banned, and then we
place a virtual assistant in their
business that already knows how to do
everything. So, at that point, instead
of this being a little side hustle where
you make AI videos, it becomes a real
business where you're managing employees
who are running accounts for you. So, if
you want to be mentored directly by me
one-on-one, go to the description, apply
to book a call with me, see if you even
qualify, and if you do, we'll hop on a
call, point you in the right direction,
hopefully we'll get you in the inner
circle. If not, you will still know
exactly what to do, but either way, you
just got all the value you [__]
needed to go out there and make money.
So, please
do something with it. Don't [__]
waste this video
cuz you have just wasted 30 minutes of
your life if you [__] don't do
anything with the information I just
gave you. Please go out there, execute
right [__] now. But other than that,
go out there, do some work, make some
[__] money. Love you guys. As always,
peace out.